So attached to this video, you again find an HTML file with some content which you should add
to your index.html
file in the packages folder. There in that main area which currently is empty,
just paste the styles in and what you will see is that we've got three sections here.
These are again our three plans because we're now on the detail page where we can read more about them,
though technically here is less information I guess but we're at least providing a more detailed description
here.
So if we now reload that packages page, this is what it looks like and I don't know about you but
beautiful is different, I guess.
So the reason why it looks like this is we enclose all the content in the link because the entire plan
should be clickable in the end and we will connect this to our to be created
start hosting folder in the future.
Now your goal is to style this page to look like this,
this will still not be the final state,
we'll then add something together to make sure that the middle plan actually is pushed to the right.
Definitely try this on your own,
these are all things we learned before
and of course over the next lectures, we'll solve this together.
So good luck with that,
try to add as many of the styles you can see on the preview as possible.